guided setup (#200)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/guided-setup.adoc

+
If your Anypoint account has the organization administrator role, the guided setup tool can create the connected app for you.
+

> Otherwise, create the connected app or ask an organization administrator to create it with these steps:

Reviewer: May be we can use this section:
https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-community-manager/manual-setup#create-a-key-pair

Reviewer 2: I checked and ensured that these instructions match the ones in that section.

> Otherwise, create the connected app or ask an organization administrator to create it with these steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Otherwise, ask an organization administrator to create the connected app for you, or perform these steps:
```

Reviewer 3: Can you find a way to break up this task so that we don't have to go to three levels...especially since most of the user action is at the third level?

Reviewer 2: Done. The only third level steps are now the 6 brief steps for creating a key pair. Also updated line 28 per your comment.

+
.. Create a key pair in Salesforce.
+

> This key pair is created in Salesforce and used for communication between Salesforce and Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: Consider combining so that we don't repeat "create in Salesforce."
Also, then we can end with a colon that points directly to the substeps (if you haven't found a way to promote them).

Reviewer 2: Combined and added colon.

+
... Click *Setup* > *Security* > *Certificate and Key Management* > *Create Self-Signed Certificate*.

> ... Choose a *Label/Name* and remember the name you chose.

Reviewer: The Name must be [Anypoint]

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

... Disable *Exportable Private Key*.
... Set *Key Size* to 2048 or larger.

> ... *Save*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Click *Save*.
```

Reviewer 2: done

... Click *Download Certificate*.
+ 

> The public key is saved on your local machine and is required in the next step to create the connected app in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: Is this explanation necessary, considering that the following step...follows?

Reviewer 2: shortened

+

> .. Create a connected app in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create a connected app in Anypoint Platform:
```

Reviewer 2: done

> .. Create a connected app in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: May be we can use this section: https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-community-manager/manual-setup#create-connected-app-in-anypoint

Reviewer 2: I checked and ensured that these instructions match the ones in that section.

... Click *Access Management* > *Connected Apps* > *Create App*.

> ... Choose a name.

Reviewer 3: Is the user typing in a name or selecting a name from a list?

Reviewer 2: typing- rewrote to clarify

... Enable *App acts on behalf of a user*.

> ... In the section *Grant types* enable *JWT Bearer*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... In the section *Grant types*, enable *JWT Bearer*.
```

Reviewer 2: done

... Copy the public key from the downloaded file and paste it into the public key text area.
+
The certificate must have this format:
+
----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
PUBLIC KEY
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
----
... Set *Website URL* to `+https://login.salesforce.com+`.

> ... In the section *Redirect URIs* add `+http://localhost+`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... In the section *Redirect URIs*, add `+http://localhost+`.
```

Reviewer 2: done

+

> Connected apps require redirect URIs and this configuration does not use them.

Reviewer 3: nec?

Reviewer 2: shortened

> ... In the section *Who can use this application?* select *Members of this organization only*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... In the section *Who can use this application?*, select *Members of this organization only*.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> ... In the section *Scopes* add *Background Access* and *Full Access*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... In the section *Scopes*, add *Background Access* and *Full Access*.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> ... *Save*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Click *Save*.
```

Reviewer 2: done

+

> This shows a client ID and a client secret. This configuration uses the certificate and does not use the client secret. Save the client ID for the following steps.

Reviewer 3: Is all of this necessary if the audience is working in the UI? Won't they see the display? Does it matter to the user that the cert. is used instead of the secret? And why are we repeating "save" and mentioning "following steps" that come directly after?
Reevaluate this task presentation: the steps are nested too deeply and it seems like we are overexplaining the steps.

Reviewer 2: shortened and rewrote for clarity, with less nesting and less explanation

. Authenticate and authorize the connected app to access your Anypoint organization.
+

> If your Anypoint account has the organization administrator role, provide your Anypoint Platform user and password, and the guided setup will create the app.

Reviewer 3: Is this text supposed to be followup to the step above it, or are the next two steps really...:

. If ...role, provide....
. If not, provide these app details:

Reviewer 2: To "Authenticate and authorize the connected app to access your Anypoint organization", reader performs first option or second option. To prevent an additional level of nesting I've kept these as followup and not separate steps. This matches the structure of the step "Create a connected app in your Anypoint organization for Salesforce to use as a consumer system." and its two options.

+
Otherwise, provide these app details:
+
.. *Client ID*: Copy the client ID from the connected app you created.
.. *IDP Issuer*: In your Anypoint Platform organization, click *Access Management* > *Identity Providers* > *SAML 2.0* > *Edit* and copy the *IDP Issuer* string.

> .. *Audience*: In your Anypoint Platform organization, click *Access Management* > *Identity Providers* > *SAML 2.0* > *Edit* and copy the *Audience* string.

Reviewer 3: These are really too long to be just one step apiece, further complicating the step nesting issue if we break them out. 
Consider reorganizing this information for the next cycle.

Reviewer 2: Shortened and rewrote for clarity.
